extern __new
extern __free
extern __incRef
extern __decRef
extern __newRefArray
extern __newIntArray
extern __newByteArray
extern __getelementptr
extern __cast
extern __errorNull
extern __createString
extern _Object_toString
extern _Object_getHashCode
extern _Object_equals
extern _Array_toString
extern _String_toString
extern _String_getHashCode
extern _String_equals
extern _String_substring
extern _String_length
extern _String_indexOf
extern _String_getBytes
extern _String_endsWith
extern _String_startsWith
extern _String_concat
extern _String_charAt
extern printString
extern printInt
extern printBoolean
extern intToString
extern byteToString
extern boolToString
extern print
extern printBinArray
extern error
extern readInt
extern readString
